# This week

- [x] Handle errors for elm-news
- [x] Google analytics elm-news
- [ ] Create more newsy icon
- [ ] Share elm-news
- [ ] Start on elm-xml

# Week in review

This week I worked towards finishing elm news to get it into a state that I can share with others. I was able to finish error handling and adding google analytics through the use of ports. I also started to do pagination and get the news manager in state that filtering by tag would be easy in the future.

I also thought about the icon some more, and I really do not want to make another. Icons are not really fun to make for me and the one I have currently is good enough.

In doing the pagination, I broke out all of the news related things into a separate module. This was great from a code readability and maintainability perspective, but now handling errors was trickier. This is because when an error occurs fetching some news, the error needs to propagate up into the main module and then into the `ErrorManager`. Luckily an article through elm news came through this week discussing a new pattern for dealing with this. :) There are two main approaches that you could do prior. The first is have the parent hijack the child event in its update function, and the second is you could return a parent event as a cmd in your update function. The first has the issue of not being compiler safe, meaning that someone could remove the hijack and everything compiles but not work. The second causes your child update function to look awful because now it is returning more from its update function, even for internal messages. This [article](https://medium.com/@alex.lew/the-translator-pattern-a-model-for-child-to-parent-communication-in-elm-f4bfaa1d3f98#.xvgvmbz38) talks about a new pattern for this called the translator pattern. The idea is that the child produces messages than can either be internal or external along with a translator to tell if the message is internal or external. Then the parent provides a way to map the external messages to its own message. I really like this pattern because it is compiler safe, pretty straighforward once you learn it, and keeps your parent and child updates looking great. The only downside that I see so far, is that requires some boilerplate to setup the translator.

I was able to start but no finish the pagination, so that will be one of the goals for next week.

Finally, I thought about some of the goals that I have for my elm news project once I have shared it with others on elm-discuss and maybe hacker news. My goals are to have 100 unique users going to 500 news articles a day by August. I will be able to track this goal through Google Analytics. If no one is really using it though, I don't see the need in adding more features to it since it serves my needs.

# Games of the week

- Shadow Complex
- Costume Quest 2
- Dragon Age Inqusition
