# This week
- [x] Get react-redux counter sample working on both web and android
- [x] Get react-redux sample with network calls working on both web and android
- [ ] Investigate how to use native components such as custom chrome tabs for react-native android (example of native UI components)
- [x] Investigate if native Java code can be used in react-native android (example of native modules)
- [x] Finish going browsing react-native docs
- [ ] Push examples to a repository and add some documentation for it

# Week in review
This week I was able to a domain layer that is shared between a web and android UI using react and react-native. To accomplish this the domain layer is its own npm package that the other input from the local file system. It was very painful to get everything setup since I could find no good examples on how to do so. I ended up copying examples from both react-redux and react-native and finally got the working, but only in separate directories. Not understanding things such as babel, watchman, webpack, etc. also made it painful. Once things were finally setup and all necessary packages installed development started going faster and cryptic errors started occuring less and less.

The fact that the domain layer can be shared between UIs is huge and should decrease development time of Xbox Sidekick. I may even be able to get away with not writing a backend at all and instead communicating with Xbox live api and scraping other data in the domain layer.

I also create a repository for all the react-native, react, and redux prototyping I have been doing the past two weeks. https://github.com/oakesja/react-native-examples

Next week I would like to investigate the following:
- add documentation to my react example repository
- nuclide
- unit testing react components
- unit testing redux reducers
- integration tests
- immutable.js

# Learned this week
Thoughts on React-native, React and Redux

Pros
- React and react-native have hot swapping when setup properly!! This is amazing on android.
- Can share domain layer (actions, reducers, store) between different UIs such as web, android, and ios.
- Large community and number of useful packages compared to others such as Elm

Cons
- `react-native run-android` fails half the time because of `com.android.builder.testing.api.DeviceException: com.android.ddmlib.InstallException: Unable to upload some APKs`
  - This can be solved by changing gradle version to 1.2.3 in build.gradle file

- Cryptic and very unhelpful error message from react and react-native, makes me miss Elm :'(
- Ecosystem is overwhelming to get started with (ES6, Babel, Webpack, Node, Npm, etc.)
- Still Javascript (no type safety, pointless testing to ensure everything hooked up properly, etc.)

# Games of the week
- Max Max
