## This week
- [x] Setup computer for React native development
- [ ] Build a simple React native app for Android
- [ ] Create same app in the web reusing as much code a possible
- [x] Investigate what is needed for a IOS emulator to run apps
- [ ] Create same app for IOS reusing as much code a possible
- [x] Ensure grive daemon is setup properly on my computer
- [x] Ensure github backup daemon is setup properly on my computer

## Week in review
To create IOS apps and run them, Mac OS X is required. This means
either a Mac computer or virtual machine is needed along with a
valid OS which requires a purchase. For now I am going to avoid
IOS apps since I don't really want to purchase Mac OS X.

I was able to install react-native and get the sample running.
I wanted to us react-native along with redux and see what could
be reused between the web vs android. I ran into some issues porting
the android sample to redux and decided to go off of the simple redux
counter example instead. In doing this I also ran into weird errors
when trying to run on android.

Next week I will continue working through
these errors and hopefully get the simple redux counter example working
on both web and android. If I can get it working then I believe that
all the code except for views can be shared between the two. This is
a huge gain over writing both UIs in a different language. My only concern
then would be how to use android specific components such as chrome custom tabs.
It would also be interesting to investigate if native Java code could be written
and used.

## Learned this week
How to test a cron job
- `sudo crontab -e` to open crontab
- change cron job to run hourly and on an upcoming minute `01 * * * * CMD`
- `tail -f /var/log/syslog | grep CRON` to ensure that a the cron job runs
- If you do not have a mail server setup and the cron job produces output then the following
error occurs `CRON[8380]: (CRON) info (No MTA installed, discarding output)`
- Setup a main server `sudo apt-get install postfix`, choose Local, and output
will be sent to `/var/mail/root`

## Games of the week
- Sherlock Holmes: Crimes & Punishments
