# This week

- [x] Add getting xbox one achievements to the domain layer
- [ ] Add getting achievements to the domain layer
- [ ] Add getting friends to the domain layer
- [x] Investigate and implement integration tests for the domain layer
- [ ] Find a way to get game information
- [ ] Continue reading Serverless Single Page Apps
- [ ] Buy an electric grill

# Week in review

To begin this week I started by scraping achievement data for Stallion83 who has the most achievements out of anyone. I scraped all of his Xbox one and 360 achievements and was able to get a better idea of the structure of the achievement data that xbox live provides.

I then used this knowledge to write the necessary pieces to include looking up Xbox one achievements for a user and game into the domain layer.

After I completed this I began to think about testing more. For the most part every piece (reducer, sagas, api, etc.) is united tested well. I also have integration tests with xbox live to ensure the api with it works as intended. The major piece that I am missing is an end to end test of the domain layer to ensure each piece works with the others. This would include creating an action with the action creator, the saga handling it and getting data from the api, then the sending the data to the reducer to add to the store, and finally selectors to get the data out of the store properly. These tests would only be happy path tests and would probably mock out the call to Xbox live since that is already tested. After I figured out what I wanted, I had a hard time implementing it. The biggest difficulty came from after sending and action, wait for the store to be updated. I tried things such as time outs and while loops but they did not work or blocked the thread from continuing. I then found out that you can subscribe to every update to a redux store. So I tried something like the following:

```javascript
store.subscribe(function () {
  if (!store.getState()[userId].isFetching) {
    expect(store.getState()).to.deep.equal(...)
    done()
  }
})
let action = fetchProfile(authToken, userId)
store.dispatch(action)
```

This ended up not working because the expectation would fail, causing the handling of the action to fail, but the test would still pass. For now I am just going to punt on an end to end test for the domain layer.

# Games of the week

- Max Max
- Defense Grid 2
