# This week

- [ ] Figure out authentication to xbox live
- [ ] Find out what is wrong with backup chron jobs
- [x] Install Ubuntu 16.04
- [x] [Show dependencies on package page](https://github.com/elm-lang/package.elm-lang.org/issues/147)

# Week in review

I amazed at how difficult and the lack of open source libraries around Oauth2 authentication for javascript and android. I found one native [Android library](https://github.com/wuman/android-oauth-client) and several native Android tutorials, but they all seem so awful. I also found an Oauth library for react-native for IOS but not Android. I was so frustrated with Oauth that I came up with other tasks to do instead of the ones I originally planned.

My first extra task was installing Ubuntu 16.04. I installed it on both my work and home laptop. The install got rid of WIFI connection issues that I was having, and all was well on my work laptop. On my home laptop however, I had issues with graphics drivers, specifically green pixels showing up on my external monitor and my GPU heating. I have spent so much time dealing with graphics drivers with Ubuntu and my home laptop that I am considering getting a Mac for my next laptop. A few reasons I am considering a Mac is that they just work, I could develop IOS apps, and some developer tools are coming out on OSX first or only.

Over the weekend I was exploring elm further and looking for ways that I could contribute. I decided that I would first try and make contributions to something smaller like the elm packages website. Going forward I would like to try and make one elm contribution a week.

# Games of the week

- Unravel
- Fallout 4
- Halo 5
