# This week
- [x] Setup xbox sidekick bitbucket organization
- [x] Write ruby script to get token for xbox live api requests. See [xbox-live-api gem](https://github.com/oakesja/xbox-live-api) for details.
- [x] Create a domain layer project for the xbox sidekick app
- [x] Add getting profile information to the domain layer
- [ ] Add getting xbox one games for a user to the domain layer
- [ ] Add getting xbox 360 games for a user to the domain layer
- [ ] Add getting achievements to the domain layer
- [x] Setup some type of CI

# Week in review
I decided to create a bitbucket organization for all xbox sidekick code since it allows private repositories for up to 5 users for free.

I started adding fetching profile information to the domain layer. I am still unable to make a request to xbox live to get profile information even though I have authorization header needed. When using the `fetch` api I get the error, `TypeError: The header content contains invalid characters`. When I `encodeURIComponent` to encode the auth header I get a 401 Unauthorized response. I am going to try other HTTP libraries and hopefully they will encode the header properly.

I finally got fetching profile information working!!! The header issue was because the authorization header had a new line character in it.

For a CI service I chose [shippable](https://app.shippable.com/) because I needed both ruby and node to run my tests for the domain layer. Shippable has great docker support and allow builds from private repos. I created a simple dockerfile for both ruby and node by copying parts of the official ones for each found on Dockerhub. From there all I needed to do was copy in my source code and install dependencies using bundler and npm. Once I had built my docker container that now contained the domain layer and all of its dependencies. I was able to use `docker exec` to run tests inside the container. I was even able to copy out test reports using `docker cp`.

# Learned this week
Build a docker container by giving it a tag in the directory that the Dockerfile exists.

```
docker build -t xboxsidekick/domain-layer .
```

Run a docker container by using the tag from the build and giving the container a name. `-d` will run it as a daemon and `-i` will let you run commands inside of the container.

```
docker run -d --name domain-layer -t xboxsidekick/domain-layer bash
```

Run a command on an existing docker container by giving it the name of the container and command to run.

```
docker exec -t domain-layer bash -c "./ci.sh"
```

Copy files out of a docker container by providing the name of the container, the path to the file, and the path to copy it to.

```
docker cp domain-layer:/domain-layer/unit-tests.xml shippable/testresults/
```

# Games of the week
- Max Max
