# This week

- [ ] Add getting xbox 360 achievements to the domain layer
- [x] Add getting friends to the domain layer
- [x] Find a way to get game information
- [x] Find way to write reliable integration tests for the domain layer
- [ ] Buy an electric grill

# Week in review

This week started off pretty rocky. I found out that mixing generator functions and promises do not mix well. You get code that ends up looking like this:

```javascript
// https://www.sitepoint.com/asynchronous-apis-using-fetch-api-es6-generators/
var generator = gitHubDetails("aspnet");

generator.next().value.then(function (userData) {
  return generator.next(userData.repos_url).value.then(function (reposData) {
    return reposData;
  });
}).then(function (reposData) {
  return generator.next(reposData[randomIndex].full_name).value.then(function (selectedRepoCommits) {
 });
});
```

This works fine when you have a set number of calls you need to make, but if you do not know how many calls you need to make (e.g. fetch n number of pages) then it gets complicated quick.

I decided to abandon this mixture and make my generator functions do all the work instead. I initially thought testing a saga that has generator functions was going to be easy. That is until I ran into this `AssertionError` for two things that should be equal.

```
AssertionError: expected { '@@redux-saga/IO': true,
  CALL:
  { context: null,
  fn: [Function: bound fetchProfile],
  args: [ [Object] ] } } to deeply equal { '@@redux-saga/IO': true,
  CALL:
  { context: null,
  fn: [Function: bound fetchProfile],
  args: [ [Object] ] } }
 + expected - actual
```

Things like this stupid `AssertionError`, unhelpful runtime exceptions, and difficulties with asynchronous code makes me miss elm and wish that elm-native-ui was production ready.

Towards the end of the week I started writing integration tests for the domain layer based off of this [suggestion](https://github.com/yelouafi/redux-saga/issues/187). The basic idea is to dispatch an action, and then in a short timeout assert that the state was updated as expected. This type of test verifies that the action creators, sagas, and reducers are all hooked up properly. They also ensure that the sagas work as expected since I was having trouble unit testing them. For these tests I mocked external API calls to Xbox Live. This speeds the tests up and makes them more reliable. The integration with Xbox Live is already covered in other integration tests of smaller scale than these.

# Games of the week

- Sunset Overdrive
