# This week

- [ ] Figure out authentication to xbox live
- [x] Find out what is wrong with backup chron jobs
- [x] Address any comments on https://github.com/elm-lang/package.elm-lang.org/pull/180
- [x] Find next elm contribution

# Week in review

I tried using [msa-auth-for-android](https://github.com/MSOpenTech/msa-auth-for-android) Oauth2 library for android for authenticating to windows live, but could not get it to work. Using V1 of windows live I kept getting `com.microsoft.services.msa.LiveAuthException: net::ERR_CACHE_MISS` even though I can go to the url just fine https://login.live.com/oauth20_authorize.srf?client_id=000000004C18A746&scope=wl.basic%20wl.signin&display=android_phone&response_type=code&redirect_uri=urn%3Aietf%3Awg%3Aoauth%3A2.0%3Aoob
Using V2 I was able to authenticate but it would crash later since the library was build for V1. Next week i think I will try to study up on Oauth a little more and do it in javascript instead.

As far as my pull request into elm package's website, I have heard nothing more about it. Looking closer at other elm repositories it is hit or miss on contributions. It appears that everything goes through Evan, so things can be open for long periods of time.

For my next elm contribution, I am thinking about creating a website that aggregates all of elm news together. This is because news in elm in spread out between two google groups, github issues and PRs, reddit, and twitter. It is very tedious to check all of those places if you want to keep up to date with what is going on in elm.

This week I also did no do as much work as usual because I got back into playing Fallout 4's new DLC. I forgot how good that game is :)


# Games of the week
- Fallout 4