# Year long goals

- Create a cross platform application (Android and Web)
- Create an open source project
- Contribute to an open source project
- Continue and improve personal blog

# This week

- [ ] Figure out authentication to xbox live
- [x] Cards for two google groups for elm-news
- [x] Header for elm-news
- [x] Footer for elm-news

# Week in review

I spent most of this week working on elm-news. I was tired of going to multiple sources to keep up with all the news in elm, so this website is all the elm-news in one place. Currently I am able to pull news from elm-dev and elm-discuss google groups and reddit.

I learned how to use github pages. It is really easy to do, especially with elm. Just compile your elm code to `index.html` and push that and any external files such as css or assets to `gh-pages` branch. A website will be created for that repo with the url `http://<username>.github.io/<project>/`. The best part is that hosting is free!

I also learned a lot about flex boxes and other css things. http://tympanus.net/codrops/css_reference is a great reference. I found out how to make easy sticky footers with flex boxes and `justify-content` attribute. I also learned how to make a header that will disappear on scroll down but reappear on scroll up using fixed positions, the `top` attribute, and some css transitions. I also learned about `box-shadows` to make things not look flat. I really hated and did not understand css that well before this week, but after learning a ton this week I feel more comfortable with it. I still know there is a lot to learn with css though :)

# Games of the week
- Fallout 4