# This week

- [x] Create logo for elm-news
- [x] Something to signify loading for elm-news
- [ ] Handle errors for elm-news
- [ ] Google analytics elm-news
- [x] Make elm-news responsive
- [x] Enjoy E3 by watching the conferences and tons of game videos!

# Week in review

The beginning of this week I spent most of my time keeping up with E3 by watching most of the conferences and other game videos. Overall I was kind of disappointed because nothing was really jumping out at me. Some games that I would like to keep my eye on to consider buying are Watch Dogs 2, For Honor, the new South Park game, and the new Battlefield game.

After E3 I was able to focus more on my other goals for the week including creating a logo and making the elm-news page responsive so that it would look good both on laptops and mobile devices. The logo went pretty well after I came up with the initial idea. I decided to make a mail icon out of simple shapes using the elm logo colors. Now that I have had some time to think about it some more the icon only partially makes sense. It makes sense for the google group messages, but not really for the links coming from hacker news or reddit since those are stories. Next week I would like to invest some time creating a news icon in the same elm logo style.

In making the webpage more responsive, I learned about the `@media` css rule which allows you to apply certain styling based off of some rule. For example, the following rule will make the body color lightgreen when the screen is less than 480px wide:

```css
@media screen and (max-width: 480px) {
    body {
        background-color: lightgreen;
    }
}
```

You can use different media types such as screen (desktop screen), handheld (mobile devices), print (print preview screen), etc. You can also have rules based off of height and width of the device or viewport, resolution, or if it is landscape or portrait. I also learned that some mobile devices such as android phones do not actually set the handheld media type, so you must use rules instead.

By using flex boxes and these media rules I was able to make the page look pretty well on both desktop and mobile devices by just hiding extra information when the screen is too small.

I also found the following resources very helpful in optimizing the site for both mobile and desktop:

- [Google PageSpeed Insights](https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/)
- [Real favicon generator](http://realfavicongenerator.net/)

# Games of the week

- Fallout 4
- Shadow Complex
- Little Big Planet 3
