# This week

- [x] Add getting xbox one games for a user to the domain layer
- [x] Add getting xbox 360 games for a user to the domain layer
- [ ] Add getting achievements to the domain layer
- [ ] Add getting friends to the domain layer
- [ ] Find a way to get game information
- [x] Start reading Serverless Single Page Apps
- [ ] Create repository for xbox sidekick android app
- [ ] Investigate react native libraries looking for UI components
- [x] Return gas grill
- [ ] Buy an electric grill

# Week in review

This [article](http://jaysoo.ca/2016/02/28/organizing-redux-application/) helped me decide on a file and store structure that makes more sense. The basic idea is that you organize your redux code by features. The basic structure would look like this:

```javascript
feature/
  index.js
  actions.js
  constants.js
  reducer.js
```

Then your `index.js` for each feature would look something like this:

```javascript
import * as actions from './actions'
import * as constants from './constants'
import reducer from './reducer'

export default {actions, constants, reducer}
```

You would import things from the feature like so:

```javascript
import feature from 'feature/index'
const { actions, reducer } = feature
```

This structuring allows you to easily import things related to a feature as well as keep your code separated nicely. The one downside that I currently see is that there some boilerplate such as the `index.js` will be the same for every feature. One solution to this might be placing all your redux code for a feature in a single file since it is related.

From the article, the idea of selectors are also mentioned. Selectors are ways of getting data out of the redux store to be used. I would like to look more into this in the coming weeks. I think it is a great idea but it will allow the internals of the store to be private as well as allow for special selectors such as filtering or sorting.

In adding getting Xbox games from Xbox live into the domain layer, I found that these call rely on paging to get all the data. The problem with this how I had my generic fetch request with redux-thunk is that I did not know the continuation token for the next page until I was in the reducer. This was a problem because you cannot dispatch actions in a reducer, they would no longer be pure. This led me to investigate [redux-saga](https://github.com/yelouafi/redux-saga). Redux-saga utilizes the new generator functions in javascript to easily orchestrate complex async workflows. What is even better is that it is setup in a way that it can easily be tested. Seeing the power in sagas, I decided to drop redux-thunk for async calls and instead use redux-saga. In doing this, it was simple to do paging for the game calls.

learn how to integration test domain layer try mocking call since that is already tested

# Games of the week

- Max Max
